docs: correct link to multiprocessing docs (#1023)
prometheus/client_python: docs/content/exporting/http/fastapi-gunicorn.md

app.mount("/metrics", metrics_app)
```

> For Multiprocessing support, use this modified code snippet. Full multiprocessing instructions are provided [here](https://prometheus.github.io/client_python/multiprocess/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Multiprocessing support, use this modified code snippet. Full multiprocessing instructions are provided [here]({{< ref "/multiprocess" >}}).
```
For local dev/if we change where the docs are hosted this will be more robust.
